### About

**evaluate exRNA biomarker for liquid biopsy (exMarker)** is a comprehensive open resource for exploring non-invasive biomarkers for **31 types of human diseases**, including cancers, precancerous lesions, cardiovascular diseases, and so on. Currently, exMarker contains a large number of biomarkers for liquid biopsy. We manually curate **72 FDA-approved biomarkers** form FDA official website, **1232 DNA, RNA, protein, and metabolite preclinical biomarkers from 745 papers**. Additionally, a large patient cohort of **7 specimen types, 4023 RNA-seq samples** were collected in exMarker, and approximately **45,000 RNA biomarker candidates** were identified from these public RNA-seq data in the liquid biopsy field. All these markers are organized by **four evidence levels** to help users quickly evaluate the potential of a specific biomarker across different disease types.

### Introducing

exMarker provides a user-friendly and intuitive web interface and three function modules including **Search, Browse, and Source** to aid users in investigating liquid biopsy-based biomarkers. **Browse module**, which allows users to quickly browse biomarkers across different molecular types, disease types, and evidence levels. **Search module**, which returns a wealth of information for the queried biomarker, including basic information, evidence level, expression information (expression abundance and differential expression), diagnostic performance, biomarker reports, and FDA approval information. Expression information and diagnostic performance are only provided for RNA markers. **Source module**, which allows users to get to know the key characteristics of each dataset collected in exMarker. Users can also download RNA expression matrices and differential expression analysis results for the datasets of interest.

We anticipate that exMarker will serve as a valuable and powerful platform for developing non-invasive biomarkers across various human diseases.
